Fix Issues with passing void elements to React with `experimentalReactChildren` flag set (#9849)
withastro/astro: .changeset/angry-comics-thank.md

---
"@astrojs/react": minor
---

> Fixed issue when passing void elements (img, etc..) to react with the experimentalReactChildren flag. Updated test to check for no children property and dangerouslySetInnerHTML property instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixes an issue where passing void elements (img, etc..) did not work with the `experimentalReactChildren` option enabled
```
